capstone/README.md, before:

# Lesson 24

## Capstone Project

For the next two weeks, you and your team will ideate and implement a working software system. You will have the opportunity to apply the skills that you have learned to solve an interesting problem or contribute a meaningful tool that improves our lives.

### Technical Requirements

Your project submission must include the following elements:

* Must have a working front-end that interacts with a back-end web service to retrieve and persist data.
* Your app must be publicly accessible.
* The system must incorporate one third-party API.
* All code must be kept in a public GitHub repository.
* Your repo must include a README with the following elements:
    * The team
    * Screenshot
    * A description of the app
    * Demo link
    * Installation instructions
    * Known issues
    * Roadmap features
    * Credits
* Your team must track issues, bugs, pull requests, and features on GitHub.
* It is **HIGHLY** recommended that you maintain a clean `Main` branch and only merge changes via pull requests (we've been using squashed merges for the main repo to simplify commit history). Don't forget to use [Conventional Commits][conventional-commits-link].

### Important Milestones

To ensure the timely completion of your project, you will need to complete the following milestone tasks.

<table>
    <thead>
        <th>Milestone</th>
        <th>Date</th>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td>Submit your ideas via <a href="https://forms.gle/Z6Ju89xGyd6F7arG8">this form</a></td>
            <td>Tue, April 23</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Update your meeting notes document</td>
            <td>Daily</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
                Obtain project sign-off from instructor/TAs<br>
                <a href="https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/appointments/schedules/AcZssZ1dD0ruj64FcykMfPBo7qQaV6AqZ58O7ON8Z3ld-xwNEbFmy0JGyLuwIwxJZjoGoEuz1U9bRZqu">
                    Schedule a review meeting here
                </a>
            </td>
            <td>Wed, April 24</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Begin implementing your designs</td>
            <td>Fri, April 26</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
                Practice presentation sessions<br>
                <a href="https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/appointments/schedules/AcZssZ1dD0ruj64FcykMfPBo7qQaV6AqZ58O7ON8Z3ld-xwNEbFmy0JGyLuwIwxJZjoGoEuz1U9bRZqu">
                    Schedule a run-through meeting here
                </a>
            </td>
            <td>Wed-Thurs, May 1-2</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Presentations due</td>
            <td>Thurs, May 2</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Final presentations</td>
            <td>Fri, May 3</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

### Helpful Resources

Here are some links to tools and templates that can help you work together effectively.

* [A Short Guide to Effective Daily Standups (Nave)](https://getnave.com/blog/short-guide-daily-standups/)
* [Team Meeting Notes template (Google Docs)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rL-Zm2w0hABuGkIMSPzmXcJHDQxmIeA-mlipt8kDA9E/edit)
* [Crafting Effective User Stories: A Guide to Good and Bad Versions (Visual Paradigm)](https://guides.visual-paradigm.com/crafting-effective-user-stories-a-guide-to-good-and-bad-versions/)
* [Third-party APIs (MDN)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Client-side_web_APIs/Third_party_APIs)
* [GitHub Flow (GitHub.com)](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/using-github/github-flow)
* The Software Engineer's Guidebook, Chapter 10, "Tools of the Productive Software Engineer."

### Academic Integrity

Please refer to the [Academic Integrity][academic-integrity-link] section of the syllabus regarding the use of third-party code and resources that you have used for your project. Give credit to where credit is due!

[conventional-commits-link]: https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/
[academic-integrity-link]: /syllabus/README.md#academic-integrity

Commit message:

docs: adds first draft of presentation guidelines.

capstone/README.md, after:

# Lesson 24

## Capstone Project

For the next two weeks, you and your team will ideate and implement a working software system. You will have the opportunity to apply the skills that you have learned to solve an interesting problem or contribute a meaningful tool that improves our lives.

### Technical Requirements

Your project submission must include the following elements:

* Must have a working front-end that interacts with a back-end web service to retrieve and persist data.
* Your app must be publicly accessible.
* The system must incorporate one third-party API.
* All code must be kept in a public GitHub repository.
* Your repo must include a README with the following elements:
    * The team
    * Screenshot
    * A description of the app
    * Demo link
    * Installation instructions
    * Known issues
    * Roadmap features
    * Credits
* Your team must track issues, bugs, pull requests, and features on GitHub.
* It is **HIGHLY** recommended that you maintain a clean `Main` branch and only merge changes via pull requests (we've been using squashed merges for the main repo to simplify commit history). Don't forget to use [Conventional Commits][conventional-commits-link].

### Important Milestones

To ensure the timely completion of your project, you will need to complete the following milestone tasks.

<table>
    <thead>
        <th>Milestone</th>
        <th>Date</th>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td>Submit your ideas via <a href="https://forms.gle/Z6Ju89xGyd6F7arG8">this form</a></td>
            <td>Tue, April 23</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Update your meeting notes document</td>
            <td>Daily</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
                Obtain project sign-off from instructor/TAs<br>
                <a href="https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/appointments/schedules/AcZssZ1dD0ruj64FcykMfPBo7qQaV6AqZ58O7ON8Z3ld-xwNEbFmy0JGyLuwIwxJZjoGoEuz1U9bRZqu">
                    Schedule a review meeting here
                </a>
            </td>
            <td>Wed, April 24</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Begin implementing your designs</td>
            <td>Fri, April 26</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>
                Practice presentation sessions<br>
                <a href="https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/appointments/schedules/AcZssZ1dD0ruj64FcykMfPBo7qQaV6AqZ58O7ON8Z3ld-xwNEbFmy0JGyLuwIwxJZjoGoEuz1U9bRZqu">
                    Schedule a run-through meeting here
                </a>
            </td>
            <td>Wed-Thurs, May 1-2</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Presentations due</td>
            <td>Thurs, May 2</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>Final presentations</td>
            <td>Fri, May 3</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
</table>

### Helpful Resources

Here are some links to tools and templates that can help you work together effectively.

* [A Short Guide to Effective Daily Standups (Nave)](https://getnave.com/blog/short-guide-daily-standups/)
* [Team Meeting Notes template (Google Docs)](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rL-Zm2w0hABuGkIMSPzmXcJHDQxmIeA-mlipt8kDA9E/edit)
* [Crafting Effective User Stories: A Guide to Good and Bad Versions (Visual Paradigm)](https://guides.visual-paradigm.com/crafting-effective-user-stories-a-guide-to-good-and-bad-versions/)
* [Third-party APIs (MDN)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Client-side_web_APIs/Third_party_APIs)
* [GitHub Flow (GitHub.com)](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/using-github/github-flow)
* The Software Engineer's Guidebook, Chapter 10, "Tools of the Productive Software Engineer."

### Presentation Guidelines

For your presentation, you will be given up to 20 minutes to feature your project. Each person on the team should have a speaking role. Here's what your presentation will contain:

1. Up to four slides of content, then a live demo walkthrough.
2. Your presentation should cover the following items, in order:
   - [ ]  Introduce team members and their roles
   - [ ]  State the problem your attempting to solve
   - [ ]  State how your app is designed to solve the problem
   - [ ]  Show your demo
   - [ ]  Discuss how you'd like to enhance in the future
   - [ ]  Lastly, talk through technical challenges and features.
3. You will be given 5 minutes for Q&A and take questions from the audience.

### Academic Integrity

Please refer to the [Academic Integrity][academic-integrity-link] section of the syllabus regarding the use of third-party code and resources that you have used for your project. Give credit to where credit is due!

[conventional-commits-link]: https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/
[academic-integrity-link]: /syllabus/README.md#academic-integrity
