lesson_02/README.md, before:

# Lesson 02

## Homework

1. Read CODE 26-27
1. Complete Lesson 02 quiz

## Lesson 02 Quiz Instructions

For this assignment, you will complete a quiz by modifying a Java application. Within the quiz project, there are tests that you will need to make pass in order to complete the assignment. Here are the instructions for completing the assignment:

1. Make sure to sync your fork to pull in the latest changes.
1. Open the [Lesson2.java][lesson-2-quiz] file located in the [quiz/lesson_02_quiz/src/main/java/com/codedifferently/lesson_02_quiz/][lesson-2-dir] directory.
1. Update the code to provide the correct answers to the given questions.
1. When ready to test, run the following command in the quiz directory using the terminal:

```bash
./gradlew test
```

1. If you encounter test failures, open the [test report][test-report] for more information on which questions need to be fixed.
1. Once all tests pass, submit your work by creating a pull request (PR).


[lesson-2-quiz]: quiz/lesson_02_quiz/src/main/java/com/codedifferently/lesson2/Lesson2.java
[lesson-2-dir]: quiz/lesson_02_quiz/src/main/java/com/codedifferently/lesson2/
[test-report]: quiz/lesson_02_quiz/build/reports/tests/test/index.html

Commit message:

chore: add info about opening in container
Signed-off-by: Anthony D. Mays <anthony@morganlatimer.com>

lesson_02/README.md, after:

# Lesson 02

## Homework

1. Read CODE 26-27
1. Complete Lesson 02 quiz

## Lesson 02 Quiz Instructions

For this assignment, you will complete a quiz by modifying a Java application. Within the quiz project, there are tests that you will need to make pass in order to complete the assignment. Here are the instructions for completing the assignment:

1. Make sure to sync your fork to pull in the latest changes.
1. Open the project in **VS Code** and make sure to select `Reopen in Container` when prompted.
1. Open the [Lesson2.java][lesson-2-quiz] file located in the [quiz/lesson_02_quiz/src/main/java/com/codedifferently/lesson_02_quiz/][lesson-2-dir] directory.
1. Update the code to provide the correct answers to the given questions.
1. When ready to test, run the following command in the quiz directory using the terminal:

```bash
./gradlew test
```

6. If you encounter test failures, open the [test report][test-report] for more information on which questions need to be fixed.
7. Once all tests pass, submit your work by creating a pull request (PR).


[lesson-2-quiz]: quiz/lesson_02_quiz/src/main/java/com/codedifferently/lesson2/Lesson2.java
[lesson-2-dir]: quiz/lesson_02_quiz/src/main/java/com/codedifferently/lesson2/
[test-report]: quiz/lesson_02_quiz/build/reports/tests/test/index.html
